feat: Add Cassette resource API (#521)
blutui/dev.blutui.com: src/pages/api-reference/console/cassettes/update.md

---
title: 'Update Cassette'

> description: 'Update a Cassette in your agency.'

Author: ```suggestion
description: 'Update a Cassette for a project your agency.'
```
